SHRI MATAJI: I think I was speaking that
you finish the Puja of the Goddess first
and then of Shri Krishna.
Go on!
YOGI: Aum Sakshat Shri Rakshasagni namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the slayer of evil forces
who are rakshasas, demons.
Om Sakshat Shri Parameshwari namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the ultimate ruler.
Om Sakshat Shri Nitayauvana namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is everyoung,
untouched by time as it is Her creation.
Om Sakshat Shri Punya-labhya namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is attained by the meritorious or righteous.
She is worsipped as a result of good actions in previous birth.
Om Sakshat Shri Achintya-rupa namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is inaccessible to thought
since mind, the instrument of thought, is Her creation.
Om Sakshat Shri Para-shakti namoh namaha.
Salutation to the One who is the ultimate power,
the energy manifested in every particle
as well as the primordial vibration, She is that.
Om Sakshat Shri Gurumurti namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is of the form of Guru,
every Guru is the Goddess Herself.
Om Sakshat Shri Adi Shakti namoh namaha.
SHRI MATAJI: Every Sahaja Yogi is the Goddess Herself.
This is all fact, you see, no doubt.
YOGI: Salutations to the One who is the primal power,
being the first cause.
Om Sakshat Shri Yogada namoh namaha.
Salutatiosn to the One who gives Yoga or Union
of the individual self, jivam atman,
with param atman, the cosmic spirit.
Om Sakshat Shri Ekakini namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is alone,
the unitary basis of the plurality of the universe.
Om Sakshat Shri Sukh'aradhya namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who can be worshipped contemply by antar-yoga,
inner Yoga, without putting the body to great strength.
Om Sakshat Shri Shobhana-sulabha-gati namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the easiest path to self realisation.
Om Sakshat Shri Sat-chid'ananda-rupini namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is 'sat', who is absolute truth,
'chit' is the consciousness, 'ananada' is the bliss,
these are the three components of the ultimate,
they are there-for Her forms.
Om Sakshat Shri Lajja namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is of bashfull modesty,
as She resides in all beings as modest chastity.
Om Sakshat Shri Shubha-kari namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the beneficient,
the greatest good is the realization of the ultimate
and She grants that to Her devotees.
Om Sakshat Shri Chandika namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is angry with evil forces.
Om Sakshat Shri Trigunatmika namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who when She becomes the creation
She asumes the form of the three Gunas, moods
Sattwa guna, Raja guna, Tama guna
who corespond in the humans body to the three channels
of the autonomic nervous system.
Om Sakshat Shri Mahati namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the great inmeasurable supreme object
of attention and worship.
Om Sakshat Shri Prana-rupini namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the form of the divine breath of life.
Om Sakshat Shri Paramanu namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the ultimate atom,
too minute to be comprehended.
Om Sakshat Shri Pasha-hantri namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who destroys Pasha
or bonds and gives liberation as moksha.
Om Sakshat Shri Vira-mata namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is vira,
vira means devotees who are competent
and who can lead the battle against the evil forces,
SHRI MATAJI: The brave, only the brave can be Sahaja Yogis,
not the frightened one.
YOGI: She is their Mother, Shri Ganesha is also called vira.
Om Sakshat Shri Gambhira namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the bottomless depht,
In the scriptures the great Mother is visualized
as a great and bottomless lake of consciousness,
uncomprehended by space and time.
Om Sakshat Shri Garvita namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is proud as the creatrix
of the universe.
Om Sakshat Shri Kshipra-prasadini namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who showers grace on Her devotees very quickly.
Om Sakshat Shri Sudha-shruti namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is of the ambrosial stream of flow, of bliss,
resulting from meditation on the great Goddess in the Sahasrara.
Om Sakshat Shri Dharm'adhara namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is Dharma,
who is the code of right conduct,
handed down by tradition in each age.
She is the support of right conduct.
Om Sakshat Shri Vishva-grasa namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who devours the universe at the time of pralaya,
the ultimate dissolution.
Om Sakshat Shri Svastha namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is "sva", "sva" means "self",
"tha" means "established", She is established in Herself,
also She establishes self in Her devotees.
Om Sakshat Shri Svabhava-madhura namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is natural sweetness,
ananda, She resides in the heart of Her devotees as bliss.
Om Sakshat Shri Dhira-samarchita namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is wor- shipped by the wise and the brave,
meaning She cannot be worshipped by the cowardly or the stupid.
Om Sakshat Shri Param'odara namaoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is of supreme generosity,
who readily respons to the prayers of Her devotees.
Om Sakshat Shri Shashwati namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is ever present and continous.
Om Sakshat Shri Lokatita namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who transcends all created universes.
Also it means She is seated above the Sahasrara.
Om Sakshat Shri Sham'atmika namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is peace and peace is Her essence,
devotees with their minds at peace are Her abode.
Om Sakshat Shri Lila-vinodini namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One whose support is the universe,
the entoire active creation is Her play.
Om Sakshat Shri Sadashiva namoh namaha.
Salutatiosn to the One who is the sacred spouse of Sadashiva.
Om Sakshat Shri Pushti namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is nourishment.
It is She who nourishes the jiva by divine vibrations.
Om Sakshat Shri Chandra-nibha namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is luminous like the moon.
Om Sakshat Shri Ravi-prakhya namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is effulgent like the sun.
Om Sakshat Shri Pavan'akruti namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is of the sacred form,
the purest which washes away all sins.
Om Sakshat Shri Vishwa-garbha namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who the entire universe is within Her
as She is the Mother of the universe.
Om Sakshat Shri Chit-shakti namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is of the power of consciousness,
that dispels ignorance and confusion.
Om Sakshat Shri Vishwa-sakshini namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the silent witness
of the action of the universe.
Om Sakshat Shri Vimala namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is clean, pure and untouched.
Om Sakshat Shri Varada namoh namaha.
Salutations to the one who is the giver of boons to the Trimurtis.
Om Sakshat Shri Vilasini namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who the universe is for Her pleasure.
She at Her pleasure either opens or closes the way to self-realization.
Om Sakshat Shri Vijaya namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the element of success in all actions.
Om Sakshat Shri Vandaru-jana- vatsala namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who loves Her devotees as Her children.
Om Sakshat Shri Sahaja yoga dayini namoh namaha.
Salutations to the one who grants spontaneous Self-realization.
Om Sakshat Shri Americ'eshwara namoh namaha.
Salutation to the One who is the empress of America.
SHRI MATAJI: Last One I didn't hear properly.
YOGI: Om Sakshat Shri Americ'eshwara namoh namaha.
Salutations to the one who is the empress of America.
Can we take the names of Shri Vishnu now?
SHRI MATAJI: And now, just a minute.
Now there is the sari of [inaudible], you can start Vishnus names.
YOGI: Twenty-one, Shri Mataji? SHRI MATAJI: Vishnus names.
YOGI: Twenty-one? SHRI MATAJI: Yes.
You might take 108? But you are going to do the -
YOGI: THe Havan. SHRI MATAJI: Alll right, twenty-one names.
Now bring this -
YOGI: Om Keshavaya namaha.
Salutations to the One who has hair like a lion.
Om Narayanaya namaha.
Salutations to the refuge of men.
Om Madhavaya namaha.
Salutations to the honey-like spring.
Om Govindaya namaha.
Salutations to the Lord of cows.
Om Vishnave namaha.
Salutations to the all-pervading One.
Om Madhu-sudanaya namaha.
Salutations to the killer of Madhu.
Om Tri-vikramaya namaha.
Salutations to the One who took three passes or stages.
Om Vamanaya namaha.
Salutations to the One who incarnated as the short man.
Om Shri-dharaya namaha.
Salutations to the One who bears Shri on His chest as Shrivasta.
Om Hrushikeshaya namaha.
Salutations to the controller of the senses.
Om Padma-nabhaya namaha.
Salutations to the One in whose Nabhi is the cause of universes,
the Lotus of Brahmadeva.
Om Damodaraya namaha.
Salutations to the One attained by disciplines.
Om Sankarshanaya namaha.
Salutations to the One who draws everything together.
Om Vasudevaya namaha.
Salutations to the Lord of Vasus, the son of Vasudeva.
Om Pradyumnaya namaha.
Salutations to enlightened wealth.
Om Aniruddhaya namaha.
Salutations to the unobstructed One, the unimpeded One.
Om Purush'ottamaya namaha.
Salutations to the One highest among the Purushas.
Om Aghokshaya namaha.
Salutations to the One known by turning inwards.
Om Narasinvhaya namaha.
Salutations to the One who incarnated as a Man-Lion.
Om Upendraya namaha.
Salutations to the younger Brother of Indra.
Om Achyotaya namaha.
Salutations to the unchanging One.
Om Janardanaya namaha.
Salutations to the stirer up of men.
Om Haraye namaha.
Salutations to the remover.
Om Shri Krishnaya namaha.
Salutations to the One who is Lord Krishna.
Shanta-karam Bhujaga-shayanam
Padma-nabham Suresham
Vishw'adharam Gagana-sadrusham
Megha-varnam Shubhangam
Lakshmi kantam Kamala-nayanam
Yogibhir Dhyana-gamyam
Vande Vishnum bhava bhaya haram
Sarva-lokaika-natham
I bow to Lord Vishnu of peaceful countenance,
Recumbent on his serpent couch with a lotus issueing from His nable,
the Lord of Celestials, the Reseptical of the universe,
expansive like the sky, dark of hue like the laden cloud,
auspicious in his limbs, the Lord of Lakshmi,
lotus-eyed, meditated upon by sages,
the remover of all fear of cycles of birth and suffering,
the one Lord in all worlds.
SHRI MATAJI: These are only twenty -one, won't work out I think.
Better do hundred and eight Names.
YOGI: Om Sakshat Shri Vishnu namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One whose splendour pervades
the firmament and beyond.
Om sakshat Shri Peshala namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is charming in His darshan,
speech, action and mind.
Om Sakshat Shri Pushkar'aksha namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One whose eyes are like lotuses.
Om Sakshat Shri Hari namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who bears the yellow garb
or who liquidates Samsara.
Om Sakshat Shri Chakri namoh namaha.
Salutations to the Master of the discus, the Sudarshanachakra.
Om Sakshat Shri Nandaki namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who holds the sword called Nandaka.
Om Sakshat Shri Sharnga-dhanvi namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who has the bow called Sharnga.
Om sakshat Shri Shanka-dhruta namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who bears the conch called Pancha-janya.
Om Sakshat Shri Gada-dhara namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who bears the club called Kaumodaki.
Om Sakshat Shri Vanamali namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who wears the garland called Vaijayanti.
SHRI MATAJI: Vanamala, Vanamadi here.
Vanamadi is the One who is the garden.
But it is all right, He has also Vaijayanti-mala, the whole thing.
Yes correct, now.
YOGI: Om Sakshat Shri Garuda-dhvaja namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One whose flag bears the emblem of Shri Garuda.
Om Sakshat Shri Lakshmivana namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One on whose chest resides Shri Lakshmi.
Om Sakshat Shri Bhagavana namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who knows
the origins and dissolutions of all beings.
00:19:07:00 00:19:10:12
Salutations to the Lord of Vaikuntha.
Om Sakshat Shri Dharma-gupa namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who safe-guards Dharma.
Om Sakshat Shri Dharma-dhyaksha namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who presides over Dharma.
Om Sakshat Shri Niyantanta namoh namaha.
Salutations to the
One who establishes
men in their
respective functions.
Om Sakshat Shri Naikaja namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One born many times
for the preservation of Dharma.
Om Sakshat Shri Svasti namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One whose nature is auspiciousness.
Om Sakshat Shri Sakshi namoh namaha.
Salutations to the witness.
Om Sakshat Shri Satya namoh namaha.
Salutations to the truth.
Om Sakshat Shri Dharani-dhara namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the support of the Earth.
Om Sakshat Shri Vya-vasthana namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One on whom everything is based.
Om Sakshat Shri Sarva-dharshi namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who sees and knows
what is done by all creatures.
Om Sakshat Shri Sarva-dnya namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the all and the knower.
Om Sakshat Shri Ghana namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is inscrutable.
Om Sakshat Shri Nahusha namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who binds all creatures by His power of Maya.
Om Sakhat Shri Maha-mayavi namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the supreme Creator of illusions.
Om Sakshat Shri Adhokshaja namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One of whom knowledge
arises only when the attention goes inwards.
Om Sakshat Shri Yadnya-pati namoh namaha.
Salutations to the Protector, the Enjoyer and the Lord
of all sacrificies.
Om Sakshat Shri Vegavana namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is endowed with great speed.
Om Sakshat Shri Sahishnu namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who bears the duality of cold and heat
which is the Ida and Pingala Nadhis.
Om Sakshat Shri Rakshaka namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who takes His stand on the sattwa-guna,
He protects the three worlds.
Om Sakshat shri Dhan'eshwara namoh namaha.
Salutations to the Lord of wealth.
Om Sakshat Shri Hiranya-nabha namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One whose nable is auspicious like gold.
Om Sakshat Shri Sharira-bhruta namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is sustenance and food.
Om Sakshat Shri Anna namoh namaha.
Salutations to the one who causes all beings to eat.
Om Sakshat Shri Mukunda namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who grants release.
Om Sakshat Shri Agrani namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who leads the seekers of salvation
to the foremost abode.
Om Sakshat Shri Amogha namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who blesses His worshippers.
Om Sakshat Shri Varada namoh namaha.
Salutaions to the One who bestows the desired boons.
Om Sakshat Shri Shubhekshana namoh namaha.
Salutations to the one who breaks all knots.
Om Sakshjat Shri Satam-gati namoh namaha.
Salutations to the refuge of seekers.
Om Sakshat Shri Sukhada namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who endowes righteous people with happiness.
Om Sakshat Shri -
SHRI MATAJI: It is righteous, isn't it, that's important.
YOGI: Yes Mother. - righteous people with happines.
Om Sakshat Shri Vatsala namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is cherished by His devotees.
Om Sakshat Shri Viraha namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who destroys the various life-styles
of the Kali-Yuga.
Om Sakshat Shri Prabhu namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One skilled in action.
Om twamewa Sakshat Shri Amara- prabhu namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the Lord of the Immortals.
Om Sakshat Shri Suresha namoh namaha.
Salutations to the Lord of the Devas.
Om Sakshat Shri Purandara namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who destroys the cities
of the enemies of the Devas.
Om Sakshat Shri Samitin-jaya namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is victorious in war.
Om Sakshat Shri Amita-vikrama namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One of enormous valour.
Om Sakshat Shri Shatrughna namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who kills the enemies of the Devas.
Om Sakshat Shri Bhima namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One of whom everything is afraid.
Om Sakshat Shri Shurajan'eshwara namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is exceeding in prowess
even the greatest heroes.
Om Sakshat Shri Sam-pramardana namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who punishes and torments the evil-doers.
Om Sakshat Shri Bhavana namoh namaha.
SHRI MATAJI: Rather mischievous.
YOGI: Om Sakshat Shri Bhava-, I am sorry.
SHRI MATAJI: All the mischievs of the Divine are [inaudible]
tormented.
YOGI: Om Sakshat Shri Bhavana namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the Giver of the fruits of good actions.
Om Sakshat Shri Kshetra-dnya namoh namaha.
Salutations to the one who is the knower of the field.
SHRI MATAJI: Knower of the field, field is the whole -,
kshetra is the whole being and the knower is the spirit,
Kshetra-dnya, the One who knows the field.
YOGI: Om Sakshat Shri Sarva-yoga vinishrita namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is devoid of all attachments.
Om Sakshat Shri Yog'eshwara namoh namaha.
Salutations to the detached Lord of the Yogis.
Om Sakshat Shri Chala namoh namaha.
Salutations to He who moves in the form of wind.
Om Sakshat Shri Vayu-vahana namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who makes the Wind blow
or for whom the Wind is His vehical.
SHRI MATAJI: [inaudible]
YOGI: Om Sakshat Shri Jivana namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is in the form of the breath of life.
Om Sakshat Shri Sambhava namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who manifests by His own free will.
Om Sakshat Shri Saonwatsara namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who stands in the form of time.
Om Sakshat Shri Vardhana namoh namaha.
Salutations to He who makes things evolve.
Om Sakshat Shri Eka namoh namaha.
Salutations to Him who is one.
Om Sakshat Shri Naika namoh namaha.
Salutations to Him who is not only one, as He has many forms.
Om Sakshat Shri Vasu namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One in whom abide all beings.
Om Sakshat Shri Ishana namoh namaha.
Salutations to the controller of all things.
Om Sakshat Shri Loka-dhyaksha namoh namaha.
Salutations to the chief super- visery witness of all the worlds.
Om Sakshat Shri Trilokesha namoh namaha.
Salutations to the Lord of the three worlds.
Om Sakshat Shri Jagat-swami namoh namaha.
Salutations to the Master of the universe.
Om Sakshat Shri Yugavarta namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who makes the Yugas turn.
Om Sakshat Shri Vistara namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One in whom all worlds are expanded.
Om Sakshat Shri Vishwa-rupa namoh namaha.
Salutations to the one in the form of the totality.
Om Sakshat Shri Ananata-rupa namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One whose forms are infinite or who forms infinity.
Om Sakshat Shri Avishishta namoh namaha.
Salutations to the pervasive inner ruler of all.
Om Sakshat Shri Maharuddhi namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One whose glory is greatest.
Om Sakshat Shri Parya-vasthita namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who envelopes the universe,
pervading it everywhere.
Om Sakshat Shri Stha-vishtha namoh namaha.
Salutations to the one who stands in the great form of the virat.
Om Sakshat Shri Maha-vishnu namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who mani- fested in His evolved form as
the Lord Jesus Christ.
Om Sakshat Shri Kalki namoh namaha.
Salutations to the One who is the immaculate Rider of the last days.
Let us all take together the Mantra to Shri Radha-Krishna.
Om twamewa sakshat
Shri Radha-Krishna sakshat
Shri Adi Shakti Mataji
Shri Nirmala Devi namoh namaha.
SHRI MATAJI: This is Shri Krishnas [inaudible].
And Shivajis is like this, it means the cross.
He is bringing something.
She is just bringing something for Me [inaudible]
[inaudible, Name] has given something.
YOGINI: [inaudible] SHRI MATAJI: [inaudible]
Great [inaudible]
You have to hold the mirror and you tie it up, still you tie it up.
Lower! I think somebody else has to hold it.
Lower! Put it lower.
Just a minute, just a minute, all right.
Hold it tight!
All right.
To have Vishuddi on the [inaudible], you have the cold also, [inaudible]
Can I have that? Oil.
YOGI: Do you think it is upstairs. Shri Mataji?
SHRI MATAJI: No, no - it's all right.
How? It's all right?
Comb His hair, comb Shri Krishnas hair.
Do it.
That's good. Thank you so much.
It's fine.
It's all right.
He has combed Shri Krishnas hair.
Now this Sari should be put right, not?
All of them have to be brought on.
This should be on the top
not on the head ... all right ...
... now this one more on this side ...
... this one ... on this ... all right ...
...  that's better ...
I just vibrate it.
Now, you have to take a full photograph, that's the main thing.
[inaudible]
0:38:59.000,1193:02:47.295
Remove that!
Also these things, you see, you can put all these things in front.
No, no, you see all those plastics you can put it here.
Not, put it there infront, because that
can look nice in the photograph. Just put it there.
Also the worshipp-things, all brass things you can put there.
Remove that cloth and just put the brass things on it.
All right, it's better. It won't come that big,
Come in, all right, put the water-jug also ...
No, no, not the glass, the glass must [inaudible].
The glass you give here.
That also, that glass also [inaudible].
Now put the water-jug on that, bring the table this side.
Remove the table this side.Remove the towel from there.
Remove the towel, put that infront there.
Now remove this also.
[inaudible]
I must watch them.
... such a way that it is [inaudible] YOGI: So looks nice.
Now put it there.
Indians would like to see a photograph which is complete.
Now put that light here. Down below, down below there.
There, that side, yes,
That's there, you have to place there.
No, there, the feet, see My feet,
Just towards there, yeah? That's it.
Now, You see, is it in the focus, every- thing?
No, that's not good enough.
Put it proper, this side.
YOGI: This one is [inaudible].
SHRI MATAJI: Push forward, a little bit to balance,
yes, move forward, yes that's it.
YOGINI: [inaudible] SHRI MATAJI: Now the [inaudible].
Keep it on that side, [inaudible]
YOGI: Can we use this candle, Shri Mataji?
SHRI MATAJI: Keep this still there. [inaudible]
Come along, that's scholarshipp.
[inaudible]
That's it. All right?
Now do the bangles.
You are so very clever ... what's that ... now put that on
This should be infront. So much hiding there. YOGI: Yes, yes.
YOGINI: Shri Mataji,Your gold and flowers ...
SHRI MATAJI: That we do later, all right?
First of all, let them take photograph ...
Can you put it infront on that side.
YOGI: Infront off the [inaudible].
SHRI MATAJI: This one, now, yeah, now put it here for a while,
Now take one photograph like that, for the Indians, you see?
At the most you can garland.
You just don't, they would like to see Me in complete ...
[inaudible] look, no flowers.
[inaudible]
Now somebody has to take the whole of it.
Now who can do it, who have got a telescope?
Are you getting the full?
YOGI: Yeah, the whole thing.
SHRI MATAJI: You just raise the full.
Why don't you sit all the time,
are you going to be busy with your child?
Come along, sit down.
All the time she is moving this way, that way.
That's not good for vibrations, sit down.
Sit down with your baby!
It will be better now.
YOGI: Who sends all these photogtraphs, Shri Mataji?
SHRI MATAJI: Ah? YOGI: Who sends all these photographs to [inaudible]?
There is no [inaudible]
how endures about that.
You see among them, they [inaudible] larger,
That's the present they want, you see, that's why ...
YOGI: Full lense photographs!
SHRI MATAJI: That's the Puja, every- body gets vibrations on.
Just the other way round.
Be carefull!
That is [inaudible]
[inaudible]
They have to bring little butter for Me.
Will you [kindly serving?] that butter.
Can anyone get some butter in a [inaudible]?
[Hindi]
Is this Butter in? YOGI: Butter [inaudible]
SHRI MATAJI: All right, just they have.
YOGI: Have a one? SHRI MATAJI: That's butter - [inaudible].
YOGI: Butter. SHRI MATAJI: There is butter in it?
YOGI: I know we bring, we bring.
SHRI MATAJI: All right, bring some butter.
SHRI MATAJI: What's this one? YOGI: [inaudible]
SHRI MATAJI: What's it? YOGI: [inaudible]
SHRI MATAJI: Get some butter please.
I have had. YOGI: Second plate, Shri Mataji? SHRI MATAJI: [inaudible]
I have had.
What's that? YOGI: Ah, papaya. SHRI MATAJI: Oh I see.
YOGI: [inaudible] SHRI MATAJI: Ah? [inaudible]
YOGI: Not sweets, boiled sweets.
Toffee. SHRI MATAJI: What Is toffee? YOGI: [inaudible]
SHRI MATAJI: Butter!
YOGI: You get some more water, Shri Mataji?
You like some diet-coke? SHRI MATAJI: Hmm?
YOGI: You like some diet-coke? You like some diet coke?
SHRI MATAJI: You got [inaudible] YOGI: Would you like some diet-coke?
SHRI MATAJI: Not that one.
That's for Mataji Nirmala Devi, not for Shri Krishna.
Before you come to America you must learn to take coke, isn't it?
[inaudible] is too My brother,
[inaudible] My brother, become like that, isn't it?
When Krishna was playing with the boys
who were looking after the herds of cows
and He had to take the butter
and now when you come to America you have to take coke.
Better to have diet-coke. [inaudible]
And if you go to Italy you have to eat Pizzas.
That's all the play.
Now,
let's have it, is a play.
It's all that.
YOGINI: Shri Mataji?
Thank You. Thank you. Thank you for [inaudible]
Should we do it after the Aarti?
Should we do it now? SHRI MATAJI: But that should be after the Aarti.
YOGI: Shri Mataji, some of the gifts
are for You, if You wish to give away.
Some of the gifts, some of them, are for You
if You wish to give them away or not
SHRI MATAJI: I said the Puja before, Aarti we do, Aarti.
And this is how He lifted ...
over that
on tip, it's a play, just see the play!
I want to [inaudible] is rather difficult with all this,
but later on you can have it.
The trouble is you cannot [inaudible].
It's all right.
Take out, take out this [inaudible], you have to take it out.
YOGI: This one?
[inaudible]
It's all right.
[inaudible] Just take the feet now.
Just the feet.
Take the rose out. Good.
Look at him! YOGI:[inaudible]
SHRI MATAJI: [inaudible]
Take it from this side.
Who want to take? [inaudible]
It's all right.
All right.
Now we do the Aart-
You all have to stand up and do the Aarti.
Is a [inaudible] but somebody who is a [inaudible] could start it.
[inaudible]
That should be kept [inaudible].
All right, now,
Start it!
YOGIS: Sab. ko dua dena,
Ma, Sab. ko dua dena
Jay. Nir.mala Mataji
Dil.me sada rahna, Ma,
Sab. ko dua dena,
Sab. ko dua dena, Ma,
Sab. ko dua dena
Jay. Nir.mala Mataji
Dil.me sada rahna, Ma,
Sab. ko dua dena,
Jag.me sankat. karan
Kit.ne liye Avatar, Ma,
Kit.ne liye Avatar
Vishwa me Teri mahima,
Vishwa me Teri mahima
Tu Ganga Yamuna, Ma,
Sab.ko dua dena
Sab.ko dua dena, Ma,
Sab.ko dua dena,
Jay. Nir.mala Mataji
Jay. Nir.mala Mataji,
Dil.me sada rahna, Ma,
Sab.ko dua dena
Jo bhi sharan. me aya
Sukha hi mila us.ko, Ma,
Sukh. hi mila us.ko
Bhait. ke dil. me, O Ma
Laut. ke na jana, Ma,
Sab. ko dua dena
Sab. ko dua dena, Ma,
Jay. Nir.mala Mataji,
Dil. me sada rahna, Ma,
Sab. ko dua dena
Manav. me Avatar ke
Kar. diya ujiyaala, Ma,
Kar. diya ujiyaala
Kali yug. me maya hai,
Phir. bhi peh.chaana, Ma,
Sab. ko dua dena.
Sab. ko dua dena, Ma,
Sab. ko dua dena,
Jay. Nir.mala Mataji,
Dil.me sada rahna, Ma,
Sab.  ko dua dena
Sant. jano ki dhar.ti
Hai Bharat. Mata, Ma,
Hai Bharat. Mata,
Is. dhar.ti par. aake,
Dukh. se dur. kar.na, Ma,
Sab. ko dua dena.
Sab. ko dua dena, Ma,
Sab. ko dua dena,
Jay. Nir.mala Mataji,
Dil.me sada rahna, Ma,
Sab. ko dua dena.
Jab dil.me aye tab
Madhu sangeet. sun. lo, Ma,
Madhu sangeet. sun. lo,
Hoya sake jo sewa,
Ham se kara lena Ma,
Sab. ko dua dena.
Sab. ko dua dena, Ma,
Sab. ko dua dena,
Jay, Nir.mala Mataji,
Jay. Nir.mala Mataji,
Dil.me sada rahna, Ma,
Sab. ko dua dena, Ma,
Sab. ko dua dena.
SHRI MATAJI: Please bow your head.
[Hindi]
[Hindi ]
I am just telling to the [inaudible, sug.: pregnant]
Why the baby is so [inaudible] restless?
She is crying out.
Get some vibrated oil rubbed on her head.
Good.
It's good. May God bless you.
If the children are very restless you must get some vibrated oil
rub on the head, rub on the body every night.
A child should not be restless. It should be able to sit quiet,
otherwise it is not a good sign, especially in the Puja
a child has to be quiet, otherwise there is something wrong.
Look after your children, watch them.
May God bless you.
What a wonderfull Puja. Thank you very much!
YOGIS: Bolo Jagat-Mata Shri Nirmala Devi ki - Jay!
Bolo Shri Radha Krishna Shri Mataji Shri Nirmala Devi ki - jay!
Bolo Shri Vishwa Nirmala Dharma ki - jay!
Ki - jay! Ki - jay!
Jay Shri Nirmala Mataji.
YOGI: Thank You for blessing us Shri Mataji.
SHRI MATAJI: May God bless you!
YOGI: Thank you for [inaudible].
SHRI MATAJI: Vibrations are flowing.
YOGI: [inaudible, sug.: we are in the Sahasrara].
YOGIS: Shri Mataji, we the Sahaja Yogis of the world
desire and pray for Your good health and long life.
Shri Mataji, we the Sahaja Yogis of the world
Amen.
SHRI MATAJI: Thank you very much.
If you all keep all right, I keep all right.
Because you all are in My body.
It's all right. Now what is the situation?
YOGI: No, no, Shri Mataji we haven't planned any further.
SHRI MATAJI: That's why I - if you have noticed
today the ritual was up side down,
because I wanted to bring forth that,
that nothing is ...  YOGI: fixed.
SHRI MATAJI: fixed for you, that is Shri Krishnas style.
It was quiet nice
when now
what's this? YOGI: There are some gifts for You, Shri Mataji.
ANOTHER YOGI: Some gifts; Shri Mataji. SHRI MATAJI: All right.
SHRI MATAJI: But it is said, that She doesn't take anything.
[Hindi]
YOGI: We enjoy all we can see.
Fix your eyes [inaudible]
SHRI MATAJI: [Hindi]
Beautiful, isn't it?
[Hindi]
YOGI: [inaudible,sug.: we thank you for all, Shri Mataji.] SHRI MATAJI: All right.
YOGI: [inaudible]enjoying the spirit.
YOGI: [inaudible]
SHRI MATAJI: Ah good, beautiful, ah?
YOGI: [inaudible, sug.: this may be ]
It's a stilized, Shri Mataji.
SHRI MATAJI: What's it? YOGI: It's a stilized form.
SHRI MATAJI: Oh I see.
Aha.
Why don't you seek, two, show two hands?
No, no, there are four hands I have got.
YOGI: Please forgive me.
SHRI MATAJI: Great, great. This is the [inaudible].
YOGI: [inaudible] SHERI MATAJI: Ah.
YOGI: It is pretty in that frame. SHRI MATAJI: Hmm, good, good.
YOGI: We hold it up. SHRI MATAJI: Ah, [inaudible].
SHRI MATAJI: That's again the stylized one?
What is the style called as?
YOGI: I don't know on this. ANOTHER YOGI: Natural.
Spontaneous.
Some of the native art, Shri Mataji.
SHRI MATAJI: Oh I see.
YOGI: See the shining eyes of the seekers.
Of their Mother, it's the Mother giving them the shining eyes.
SHRI MATAJI: Very nice these small little eyes.
That's an american girl, on Me.
YOGI: That's unusual. ANOTHER YOGI: [inaudible]
SHRI MATAJI: That's good.
Very nice, beautiful, done so well.
YOGI: Hold it up, that people can see. SHRI MATAJI: That's so well done.
Very well. YOGI: The video would like to catch it.
SHRI MATAJI: [Hindi]
[Hindi]
YOGI: The time is on the waste, Shri Mataji.
SHRI MATAJI: Very well. YOGI: I know it.
[inaudible]
SHRI MATAJI: Very beautiful.
YOGI: An antique-shop. Antique-shop. Bethlehem [inaudible]
From an antique-store, Shri Mataji. SHRI MATAJI: Oh I see.
Very well. [inaudible ]
YOGI: Bethlehem, Bethlehem.
YOGI: A stair to heaven, [inaudible].
SHRI MATAJI: Oh I see.
YOGI: In America ...
SHRI MATAJI: [inaudible]
YOGI: [inaudible]
SHRI MATAJI: It's from where?
YOGI: It's the same store we found out in Bethlehem.
ANOTHER YOGI: From Bethlehem.
SHRI MATAJI: This is in the Nepal-version of the Goddess.
YOGI: Excuse me! SHRI MATAJI: Nepal -version of the Goddess.
This is the -
This One is Mahakali.
Is left side, Mahakali.
May God bless you.
Ah good! thank you!
This is of course indian.
This is from [inaudible]. They made it very well, you see?
So beautiful. Thank you very much, thank you.
YOGI: Appropriate, the Lord of the cow is today, Shri Mataji.
SHRI MATAJI: Very appropriate.
YOGI: Helen, it's good? SHRI MATAJI: Yeah, it's a good one.
YOGI: Helen! YOGINI: Yes, I know, but I
I have to, i have to hold on to something.
SHRI MATAJI: I know about it.
YOGINI: Otherwise I can't get down on my knees. SHRI MATAJI: Yeah.
So? YOGINI: This is for You.
SHRI MATAJI: What's that?
YOGINI: It is a little bit inspired and this is my new name.
And this is the Lady who gave me a Sari to wear
today. You know her.
She lives in my [inaudible]. SHRI MATAJI: She is gone away now?
YOGINI: No. She still lives there.
SHRI MATAJI: Ah, very nice. YOGINI: Okay.
SHRI MATAJI: Very sweet, but this is a nice [inaudible].
YOGINI: You like that? SHRI MATAJI: Yes, beautiful,
[inaudible]and advices. YOGINI: Yes, okay.
SHRI MATAJI: May God bless you. That's a nice one: Helen Joy Bliss.
YOGINI: That's what I call myself now.
SHRI MATAJI: Beautifull, that you are.
YOGINI: Thank You. SHRI MATAJI: Is a fact, is actually your nature.
YOGINI: Yes. SHRI MATAJI: Can we keep it for the next day?
YOGINI: i want You to enjoy that little gift.
SHRI MATAJI: All right, I know, I do it definitelly.
I enjoy it, there is no doubt.
Very kind of you.
YOGINI: Her telephone-number is there in case You want it.
SHRI MATAJI: Yes, I would like to keep that with Me. YOGINI: Okay.
SHRI MATAJI: thank you very much.
Oh very sweet of you! YOGINI: Okay. SHRI MATAJI: Thank you very much.
YOGINI: Thank You. SHRI MATAJI: Thank you.
YOGINI: Now I need someone to help me up.
SHRI MATAJI: Yes, test.
YOGINI: Thank You. SHRI MATAJI: May God bless you. YOGINI: Thank You.
SHRI MATAJI: What's that? YOGI: That's Texas,
the shape of Texas. SHRI MATAJI: Oho, this is Texas? YOGI: Hmm.
SHRI MATAJI: See, it looks like Svastika.
YOGI: Like what? SHRI MATAJI: L ike Svastika.
YOGI: [inaudible] YOGIS: Like Svastika.
SHRI MATAJI: We have to do something about it,
no doubt, I agree with you ...
May God bless you. Please work it out.
You brought something. Why? She is been giving all things.
May God bless you. YOGINI: I am extremely shivering,
SHRI MATAJI: Ah? YOGINI: I wanted to give you, to you in Italy,
but I didn't, I couldn't think, Shri Mataji.
SHRI MATAJI: Aha, that's beautiful.
You know in this one also from My face,
from when I am smiling the vibrations are coming out.
Can you see that? YOGI: Ah, yes Shri Mataji.
Yes. SHRI MATAJI: Yes.
YOGI: Another copy? ANOTHERYOGI: The whole book.
SHRI MATAJI: This is a beautiful photograph.
I don't know how she got it, on the top of My head.
YOGINI: Sahasrara-Day-Puja, Shri Mataji.
In Vienna.
SHRI MATAJI: That's another one.
She has done some very good photographs.
And this one, can you beat it?
YOGINI: That's Gregoires, Mother. SHRI MATAJI: It's Gregoires, but still
look at the red. This says automatically it came like that,
like little [inaudible] which
was not that red, but again it has come up.
YOGI: It became red like Kumkum?
SHRI MATAJI: Not Kumkum, it's red, shining red.
This is another one, you see? YOGI: Ah?
SHRI MATAJI: This Baby is crying.
One better there, see this one.
It is very beautifull photographs, I might [inaudible]. This is the one
where We went up -
YOGI: Ah Matterhorn, Matterhorn. SHRI MATAJI: Matterhorn.
OGI: The same shape is India up side down. SHRI MATAJI: Yes,
but it is actually Ganeshas faces, you see
there are Ganeshas, one Ganesha is like this, another
like that, another like that.
Four Ganeshas put together.
This one is remarkable. How did you get My hair like that?
YOGINI: Ah, You just moved it, I don't know, it came out [inaudible].
YOGI: Nilachikurya. YOGINI: It's a ...
SHRI MATAJI: Nilachikurya. YOGINI: Nagas
SHRI MATAJI: Nagas. YOGINI: Gregoire said Nagas.
SHRI MATAJI: It's very nice, it is very beautiful, she has
a talent for that.
A real talent I must say.
YOGI: We should publish a book of
colour-photographs of You, Shri Mataji.
SHRI MATAJI: Yeah. YOGIS: It would be a bestseller, Shri Mataji.
SHRI MATAJI: This looks like as if I am sitting in the Himalayas
and it was not such a wild thing there, nothing, it's in a village.
I can't explain it. This is another very beautiful.
It's very nice, see that, very well.
You all can go through it and see for yourself.
Very beautiful.
What have you written? YOGINI: This is the translation in Italian,
from Saundaryalahari from Adi Shankara Charya.
SHRI MATAJI: Oh I see, but then who is going to tran-
which one it is you, just tell Me.
YOGINI: It's all of it. SHRI MATAJI: Now I see.
YOGINI: And we would like to publish it, publish it.
SHRI MATAJI: Oh I ... YOGINI: It's all You.
I couldn't written, I couldn't have written.
Complete.
Very beautiful.
Very well done. May God bless you.
So now it's over. Can I get that?
Angela, you have given a very beautiful present, I tell you,
I have never seen one like that before.
Your present was very beautifull, I have never seen something like that,
that made out of hand, that kind of a shape I have not seen.
Hands that I have seen, but to make something out of hands
is a very good idea. We can do it in India if you want to
but I don't think we try.
Easy for you to get up, but for Me it is difficult.
Now the feet have gone up complete blown up.
YOGIS: Oh yes, oh, it's well enough, Shri Mataji, SHRI MATAJI:No shoes.
YOGI: No shoes.
YOGI: [inaudible]. SHRI MATAJI: You can take off the ornaments I think.
I thank all of you very well, thank you.
Put them together.
I give you the Mangala-sutra.
Yes, put it together.
YOGIS: Bolo Shri Jagad Mata Shri Mataji ki - jay!
Bolo Shri Viratangana Swamini Mataji Shri Nirmala Devi ki - jay!
SHRI MATAJI: Ah, that's the names of the Goddess,
as Virata-Viratangana.
May God bless you.
YOGI: Jay Shri Mataji! YOGIS: Jay Shri Mataji!